Let's take a bird's eye overview of the tools available in the Laravel framework to make it easy to
work with databases.
By the way, this diagram is available for you to download.
First off, reading and storing data can be achieved using Roskill.
Queries are more object oriented.
Alternative is to use query builder.
It lets you build queries by fluently calling methods.
And finally, there is the eloquent or M.
In this course, we will mostly use eloquent is the Laravel implementation of the active record button.
Active record, in summary, means that each database table will have its own dedicated P2P class,
also called model model can be used to create, modify and delete table records.
Note the query builder is often used together with eloquent were more complicated.
Queries are made to create, modify and delete database tables you can use migration's each migration
is a class that defines what changes should be applied to the database schema.
These changes can then be applied and rolled back.
Finally, seeding tools lets you easily populate the database with data.
This can be either real data needed in your application or data generated for testing purposes.